hello my name is father Rodriguez and
I'm offering you the best use out those
in order for me
hey what are you doing there get out of
car I am making a commercial I was
getting to thus want to do me a favor go
home
nobody relatives stay with monsters
family friend I'd like number four
social services no you take her that I'm
never gonna see her again okay this is
not about you this kidneys apart a
$20,000 get my cars back from the bank
[Music]
[Applause]
daddy come I have no home I need a real
twin
are you doing we'll take its flavored
flavored is a big filler criminal I'm a
car salesman without any cars
where is the father if I take her to him
is he going to understand how would
having to pain
do what you got to do you out of your
mind either I just saw somebody taking
money from church or I'm witnessing a
miracle careful
right
you Jessica and then a kind man that's
him
[Applause]
[Music]
solution
if we lose one Sunday
you